Mom, Gao Yulin has left
Let's talk about it when we're done
Xue Yao?
This supper, today is a shit luck
This expert brought by Gao Yulin?
Just fell
He got away with it.
After this day
What if Gao Yulin brings revenge again?
So, you hurry up and distance yourself from him
You can't get a divorce tomorrow morning
Cannot get divorced
This marriage must be divorced
Zhang Xiaotian, let me tell you, this is not up to you
Uncle Zhang
Quickly help Uncle Zhang to the bed and I will give him a test injection
No, I'll just give him a few pills
Doctor, get out of here
You can let me go
I want to take Xueyao with me
New night, are you dreaming?
Since Xueyao doesn't want to go with you for supper
Then you don't have to force people
Let's go home with you
What home?
It's wrong to live together
I live with supper
Xueying, did you see it?
He betrayed you long ago
Divorce quickly
They live together.
But not a room
I saved the room for you
Just for you
Do you want to move over? Move over
Ah, who?